# Deep learning final assignment
This repository contain material for the final project in deep learning.

The usage of the different files/folders are:

\\1. part the seven networks: The training and testing of the initial 7 networks
 - train7networks: Contain the training and testing process of the seven test
                 networks - these where used to determine which optimizor and
                 schedulers where the best for the network.
 - test_the_7_networks: File for testing the seven networks.

\\2. part SGD + ReduceLROnPlateau and CyclicLR: The training and testing of the
                          networks: network_cycl and network_reduce.
 - max_learning-finder: Contain the pre-run of the network. The data generated
                        from this file where used to find the optimal base_lr
                        and maximum learning rate.
 - max_learnplotter: Contain the code to produce the plots used for obtaining
                     the base_lr and maximum learning rate from the data
                     generated by max_learning-finder. This code was used to
                     produce bilag 4.
 - train2networks: Contain the training and testing process of the network_cycl
                   and network_reduce that where the best candidates from the 7
                   networks.   

\\3. part final network:
 - final-network: Contain the training and testing process of the network we
                  found to be the best in terms of hyper-parameter tuning.
 - plotting-results_of_final: This file plots the input, target and prediction
                              from a the final-network. This was used to
                              produce bilag 18.
 - test_of_final-network: File for testing the final-network.


\\GTApack: Is a package containing functions that is used in the training and
         testing of different networks.
 - __init__ : Used to make this directory a python package.
 - GTA_antihot: Function used to turn an onehot encoded image into an image with
                3 channels.
 - GTA_hotloader: Dataloader function for normal input image and onehot
                  encoded targets.
 - GTA_imageplot: A function for plotting input/target(/output) pictures.
 - GTA_loader:  Dataloader function for normal input and target images.
 - GTA_prop_to_hot: Turns the output of the network (in probability format) into
                    onehot encoding.
 - GTA_tester: Function for finding the accuarcy of test or validation data.
 - GTA_Unet: The implementation of the Unet.

\\Old functions or files: Retired files that is no longer in use.

\\Onehot encode targets: This file contain the code used to do the onehot encoding
  - GTA_onehot: Code used to generate a onehot encoded format of the targets.
